Okay,
guys know we've taken a quick look at conditional format in the next area.
We're gonna have a look at.
Is this area just here?
Now,
again,
we can do some simple maths toe work.
At what time we left our house.
They can see that The reason for this particular section is that we can claim some money
back if we're out of the house between five and 10 hours and that there is.
So if we're out of the house between five and 10 hours,
we can claim £5 per day.
And if we're out of the house for more than 10 hours,
we can claim £10 per day.
So this will be the subject of the next lesson where we're gonna have a look at logical
testing.
But for now,
we're just going to deal with this section just here.
So to calculate this,
all we need to know was one.
Our average travelling time is,
or our average speed in our travelling time is,
so we could come over to the data entry on we're gonna answer in here Average,
or actually,
what we're gonna work out is a travel time.
So traveled looks old.
Open.
Enter time.
Okay,
so let's have a look in there.
We calculate our travel time.
Okay?
We're going to use a very simple formula for this or we're going to say is equals open
brackets and we're gonna have a look at our traveled distance,
which will be six miles.
And if we say we traveled an average of 30 MPH,
we're gonna divide that by 30 and then we're gonna close the brackets and there to get that
two time.
What we're going to do is divided by the number of hours in the day.
So I'm gonna hit divide by 24 hit Enter.
That's gonna going to give us an answer of 0.833 Now we can see,
because this is a general format up the top,
that that's just a fraction of a day.
So what we're gonna do is we're gonna copy the formatting for time.
From here on,
we're gonna pace it all the way down there.
So now we can see,
then that's evaluated.
Six miles as an average of 30 miles an hour,
which we've put in there.
D 20 divided by 30 will give us a 12 minute travel time each way.
So I'm just gonna double click lips.
And I'm not gonna double click that in there.
Drunk that dome news in the drag handle.
We can see that we have a 12 minute travel time each way.
So we're traveling six miles there and it will take us 12 minutes on.
We're going to travel six miles back home,
and that will take us 12 minutes.
So I told travelling time will be 24.
Okay,
so let's have a look how we implement that in the expenses sheet.
So what we already know is what time we start work on.
We now know about our travel time is so this one is just a quick and simple calculation.
So in this cell,
I'm just going to say equals on I'm gonna come to ever data entry,
and I'm going to say our start time less our travel time and hit enter.
And that's going to take 12 minutes from nine o'clock,
which gonna mean we start work at eight.
Sorry we leave home And 8 48 And similarly,
when we arrive home,
what we're going to say is equals.
And remember,
we're in Monday Hit the data entry on.
We finish at 17.
01 And we're gonna add our travel time for Monday and I'm gonna eat enter,
so we finish it.
01 We had 12 minutes on.
We'll arrive home at 17.
30 on.
We can see that the time out of houses.
Just a simple calculation.
It's theorized home less the left home Hit the answer and we can see that we have a total
out of out out of home time of eight hours and 25 minutes.
So I'm gonna do the same for all the other soul.
So when choosing,
I'm going to say groups just one equals equals Tuesday,
Start time less Our travel time on Tuesday hit the enter on Tuesday afternoon.
We're gonna say equals finished time on Tuesday,
which is 17.
12 plus our travel time home on Tuesday and his enter on.
I'm just going to do that all the way across here,
and I'll see you in the next like to and we get to some more interest in stuff to calculate
this value down the bottom here.
Based on what the answer is up here on.
We're going to use some logical testing to do that.
Which is going to be fascinated,
eh?
So I look forward to seeing you in the next lecture.